Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen.
You know I like movies and telling you about
them, but have you ever watched a movie and
midway through you realize: it wasn't
very good and it’s actually boring?
Yeah, this is one of those films, and I’m
gonna tell you all about it since its my job
to explain and summarize movies but this time I’m
really gonna lash out and tell you how I really feel
about this film so this is Kidnapping
Stella, strap in folks as I strap on.
The film has a promising start introducing
us to our protagonists, Vic (the bearded one)
and Tom (the twink), who we first see stealing
a car in Berlin, before removing its license
plates at a garage
They then proceed to buy a lot of random
items at a home improvement store.
Stuff which they take to a grungy looking
apartment in order to prepare it and I’ll
be honest with you, that start was pretty
killer and it got me really hyped for the movie
but let’s just say that was basically the only interesting
part of the movie: So anyways they start boarding
up windows, sound proofing the walls, nailing
the bed to the floor and adding a set of locks
to keep people out.
Giving each other a set of keys for the locks
before heading out to the forest at night
to nail a red cloth to a tree.
As well as modifying their van with a few
new additions before they wait in broad daylight
for their target: Stella Martens.
They put on their masks before grabbing her
and putting her in their van, after which
Tom takes the woman’s phone, disconnecting
the battery and the SIM card,
allowing them to vanish.
They then take her to the dingy 1 star apartment
they rented, where Stella and us will be kept prisoner
here for the rest of the film.
Anyways, they lock her up, strip her, before
taking photos of her.
Putting her clothes in a bin liner before
dressing her up like the Tethered from Us.
Later, they demand that she give them her
father’s email address and phone number,
and she gives it
Then they go out, Tom putting Stella’s phone
in the garbage bag with her trashy clothes,
while Vic uploads the photos to a computer
before putting it on a thumb drive and leaving.
As Tom goes in to check up on her, standing there
like a freakazoid every ten minutes.
He realizes he 's torn about this whole thing.
When Vic comes back, he’s brought back with him
disposable phones, so after geting her some water
they tell her that if she needs to pee or poo she
should either stick 1 finger up or 2.
She needs to go #1, so our delightful duo
of kidnappers grab a plastic jug and help
her out with Vic looking away and Tom
staring intently at the pee jug
After she’s done, Tom dumps the bottle,
and grabs some food but isn’t hungry.
Something that Vic gets on his case about
since Tom needs his energy and after refusing
to eat, Vic forces Tom to chew on a chicken
nugget which he swallows
but he’s still not hungry due to
the stress of the situation.
This leads to a conversation between the two
where we find out that Vic and Tom have been
planning this for a long time ever since they
were in prison.
and they need to stick to the plan to get the ransom
money and Vic leaves for some reason as Tom
stays behind to check the photos of Stella,
he’s starting to feel a little guilty about this
He goes in to check on her and is about to
leave when she needs to go poo, so like a
complete amateur he leaves the door open while he
grabs a bucket and some toilet paper
and brings it back along with a gun.
After taking her out of her restraints, he
makes her poop at gunpoint, which I know the
feeling of but this isn’t the time and place
to talk about it.
but she can’t poop because of stage-
but she can't poop because of stage fright
and needs privacy so Tom turns around AGAIN LIKE
A AMATEUR, gets hit with a bucket, dropping
the gun which Stella grabs and threatens him
with, demanding that he throw the key to her but
he steps in and tries to grab the gun but
she fires it.
and Tom suffers from an episode of Tinnitus
and as he's trying to recover
Stella unmasks him and
recognizes him.
Why did you do this?
You ruined my life!
And Stella’s so shocked that Tom is able
to tackle her and lock her up again.
and he leaves but not before telling her that if Vic finds
out they know each other
Vic will kill them both
Speaking of the devil, Vic’s back with bad news: Stella’s
dad won’t send the money but Vic’s sure
that he will soon.
and the next day, Tom films Stella and Vic as
he’s about to cut off Stella’s pinky finger but
as she’s speaking into the camera, she mentions
that she’s 4 months pregnant.
Tom says “that’s enough” and they stop
filming,
and they have enough footage for a ransom video
but Vic tells him NEVER to do that again.
So Vic makes the ransom video and they prepare
to go back inside but Vic notices Tom forgot
his mask and he puts it on.
and they go inside to feed her minestrone soup
(Here comes the airplane) and during
feeding time, Tom notices the bullet casing
from earlier and tries to get it after the
plastic spoon Vic was using falls to the ground
and they leave the room
With Tom going to the bathroom to flush the
casing  down but it doesn’t go down and after
a few more tries which gets Vic’s attention,
Tom grabs the casing with his fingers and
no joke, swallows it.
What a champ.
After that ordeal and some mild sexual tension
between Mr. Tomp and Bottom, Tom does some
calculations and realizes that Stella is lying to him
and confronts her and we find out a little bit about their
history: at one point in the past they
were dating, he was a criminal
even before prison, he got her pregnant
and then he went to jail and she realized that
She didn’t want someone like that in her
life and left him.
Although something interesting in their discussions that
Vic learned of Stella after Tom mentioned her
name as she fit the criteria of their ransom
plan: single child, female, rich father.
and although Tom doesn't believe her, Stella is adamant
that she’s pregnant and tells him
that he can find out if he just turns on
her phone to see her doctor appointments
something that he realizes is just a trick
so that the police can locate the phone.
But then she begins to choke and when Tom
goes to help her she throws up and they get
close and begin to make out, but it’s all
a trick to get free so that she can handcuff
Tom to the bedframe while she goes to call the
police on a disposable phone but finds
out she needs a key to unlock the door’s
locks.
A key that slipped out of Tom’s hands which
is now on the floor of the hostage room,
So Stella puts the phone in her pocket and lunges for
the keys but Tom is able to knock her out
and break the bed frame to get free and
puts Stella back in her place
As he goes to wash up the vomit, Vic comes
back telling Tom that Stella’s dad will
deliver the 4 million euros at the coordinates.
So they have to move her in the van to the
boat house.
and then they have moement where Vic confides with
Tom that he's planning on going to Mexico
to meet with a friend and go to the Pacific
Ocean with the money and retire over there
now it's not my place to stomp on someone's
dreams but that is super cliché
and that is a proud American tradition
that I will not tolerate
so you German criminals can go find your own Mexico
either down in Poland or in Argentina
Anyways, Tom goes to prep the van and finds a doctors
note that proves Stella’s pregnant while
Vic talks with her and realizes that something’s
wrong: she has one of the disposable phones,
knows Tom’s name, and there’s a bullet
in the wall.
Which I mean of all the things that could
happen, he finds the exact place where the
bullet was?
Is that bad script writing or pure luck?
and to make it worse, Stella reveals
that she and Tom know each other.
Looks like someone's going to die soon
After prepping the van, Tom comes back and
Vic is being weird.
Checking that the gun is working, and talking
about Stella and Tom in a vaguely threatening
way before they move onto the next phase of
the plan.
Vic injects Stella with an anesthetic before
he and Tom dump in her in the van, though
Vic is on the phone for some reason.
Did you send the coordinates?
Ja, ja. Everything is gut. Do not worry young Tom!
They drive the van to a boathouse where they
lock Stella up and Vic changes the plan and
brings Tom with him to pick up the money
and just before they go into the forest
Tom puts the battery back into Stella’s phone before
going to the tree with red cloth nailed into it
the same tree from earlier but when
he goes check the money SURPRISE!
It’s not there, tricky Vic tricked Tom!
What a tweest!
Then Vic prepares to execute Tom who begs
Vic not to kill him and alludes to an intimate
relationship they had back in prison before
he runs away and gets shot.
So Stella’s still locked up, Tom is dead,
and Vic’s got the money and he drives back
to that place we saw at the beginning of the
film to switch cars before driving back to
the boathouse to poison Stella but guess who
comes to save the day!
It’s Tom!
Shocking.
Who hits Vic on the head with a stick before
he is shot by Vic which leads to Vic getting killed
after being tripped by Stella, causing him
to drop his gun which Tom uses to take Vic out.
The film ends with Stella freed, Tom and Vic
are dead, and Stella escapes in the car Vic
drove, taking the money that was
used to pay for her ransom and disappearing.... to Poland
And with that being said, thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen
I realize this is a very different style of a video than I do usually
and I hoped you enjoyed it, if you did leave a like down below and if otherwise... uh
let me know with a comment down below,
how I should improve, if you liked it,
or if I should change or get rid of it and subscribe if you
haven't already to get updated on my latest uploads